docs(user-flows): add desktop config examples (#14806)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: docs/user-flows.md

![Full flow report screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39191/168932301-cfdbe812-db96-4c6d-b43b-fe5c31f9d192.png)

### Creating a desktop user flow

> If you want to test the desktop version of a page with user flows, you need to use the desktop config provided in the Lighthouse package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to test the desktop version of a page with user flows, you can use the desktop config provided in the Lighthouse package, which includes desktop scoring and viewport/performance emulation.
```

Something like this to give a little context? Could also link to emulation.md

import {startFlow, desktopConfig} from 'lighthouse';

const browser = await puppeteer.launch();
const page = await browser.newPage();

const flow = await startFlow(page, {
  config: desktopConfig,
});
```

### Using Puppeteer's emulation settings in a user flow

If you want to inherit the viewport settings set up by Puppeteer, you need to disable Lighthouse's viewport emulation in the `flags` option.

If Puppeteer is emulating a desktop page make sure to use the `desktopConfig` so Lighthouse still scores the results as a desktop page.

```js
import puppeteer from 'puppeteer';
import {startFlow, desktopConfig} from 'lighthouse';

const browser = await puppeteer.launch();
const page = await browser.newPage();

const flow = await startFlow(page, {
  // Puppeteer is emulating a desktop environment,
  // so we should still use the desktop config.
  //
  // If Puppeteer is emulating a mobile device then we can remove the next line.
  config: desktopConfig,
  // `flags` will override the Lighthouse emulation settings
  // to prevent Lighthouse from changing the screen dimensions.
  flags: {screenEmulation: {disabled: true}},
});

await page.setViewport({width: 1000, height: 500});

> ```

Reviewer: for this and above, maybe include a trailing `// flow.navigate(...)` line or whatever to indicate that this is the start of an example script for anyone copy/pasting and expecting something to happen when run
